Initialized the website!

Created SVG versions of our background illustrations. Uploaded SVGs to public folder.

Created a StickyBackground component and added event listeners so that the background changes as the user scrolls!

Created a zoom parallax animation! Still need to tweak it.

Made the zoom parallax animation cleaner! Had the idea to incorporate many illustrations of start up houses, and then zoom in on the one that we actually had the chance to visit.

Right now, I'm trying to create sticky text boxes as well as blend the zoom animation with the scrolling background images. 

Godbless figured out how to make a textbox component. I incorporated it into our first zoom parallax, but I intend to reuse this component on future images. Yay!

Added revised illustrations to the website. Trying to fix up how I nested my styling of text elements cuz it's a little funky right now. Working on adjusting where each text box is located.

I think I might need to refactor my code. Right now I'm doing a lot of hard coding for placement of text boxes, but perhaps there's an easier method.

I'm gonna rework how I have text boxes fade in. Tweaking out rn.

Still painfully not responsive. Need to redo my components so I can incorporate flex boxes for everything lol. Also need to add clickable quotes.

Cleaning stuff up. Just starting on the Parallax page and adjusting to be responsive.

Labored over first to pages. Doing fine. Still haven't gotten to the rest of the scrollytelling. Trying to figure out using Intersection Observer but lowkey failing lol. Added a prettier font though!

Okay. Working on the layout with top/bottom/image+text. Changed the text layout for better readability. Still haven't made scrollable stuff. I might go back to the sticky text box components I made earlier that use the transformY property.

Okay. created my 50th component to attempt at less-hard-coded scrollytelling. Had success. spent a long time just making the page responsive and thinking about what I want on the phone vs. laptop experience. It's 1AM so I'm expecting finishing will bring me well into the night lol.

345AM. Cleaned stuff up. Looking pretty nice but not everything we wanted. Need to add thank you page and double check text flow and grammar.